Now the final thing I want to talk about in terms analytics is bitterly.
So Kickstarter actually bought into at least enterprise model where they have their own short domain.
So I think it's like Casey K. kick or something.
And then Ill be forward slash a whole bunch of mumbojumbo that will link directly to your project and
I'm going to show you how you can use this to check how many times those links were shared and you can
also use the same method to check competitor links.
So I'm currently on the Kickstarter home page and I'm just going to search for the coolest cool project
since we're using this as a case study and we can do here is that if you scroll down on the project
below the fold you will see this button pop up where it says share this project.
If you click on it there's various ways of sharing and you're going to go to the embed option.
Now once you hit the embed option you'll see that there's actually a project short link for your Kickstarter
project that's created using bit least Enterprise edition as we mentioned before.
Now if you copy that and paste it into your browser and then add a plus sign at the end of that Yarnall
and hit enter.
Ill actually take you in two bit Lees analytics panel for that particular you are RL So you can see
for maybe your competitors project or your own campaigns how many clicks they got through this short
link and who were the first.
So you can see that most of that traffic actually came from Facebook and you can see that the most popular
location was actually the U.S. so you can use this little plus symbol to track both your own short links
as well as competitors and see where they're getting their traffic from.
And it might help you guide your traffic strategy.